Andrews keen to pass on his skills to
his son outside it's minus 40 so a pack
will need the right clothes
nothing is warmer than caribou fur a
good hunter must learn the newest ways
he must learn importance of our dogs by
learning to handle a dog team
he'll keep our culture alive the dogs
always know when it's time to travel
the hunters must journey far out over
the frozen sea leave the modern world
behind and travel back in time to
experience the world of our ancestors
this is when our traditions come alive
anyway children learn by watching and
helping their parents not by being told
what to do
that's the Inuit way
the hunter uses his memory of the
landscape and his understanding of snow
even where everything is white he can
still find his way by examining the
patterns in the snow
the winds create service patterns these
always point in the same direction
Hunter must learn to read the land this
knowledge could save his life one day
once you can read the snow you can
always find your way home
even in the blizzard
Hunter's travel out on the ice to find
seals but they're never alone no no the
polar bear lives here too we fear an
admired nano and we have a special word
alehrer for the excitement we feel when
we meet him
the big male has no interest in the
hunters all their dogs it's mating
season and he's following a female he'll
remain with her for a week or more
sometimes it's possible to find seals by
following polar bears but not today
instead Andrew must rely on his own
knowledge of the land